README.md, before:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Tenika Powell  

🎯 **Aspiring Machine Learning Engineer | Data Science Student @ 4Geeks Academy**

---

## 🧠 About Me  
I’m a data science and machine learning student passionate about applying AI to real-world healthcare challenges.  
Currently training at 4Geeks Academy, I’m focused on mastering predictive modeling, neural networks, and Python-based data pipelines.

I thrive on building clear, well-documented projects that help make data-driven decisions accessible and actionable.

---

## 🔍 Quick Facts About Me  

- 🔭 I’m currently working on: **Healthcare AI projects** — predictive models for patient outcomes and health cost prediction  
- 🌱 I’m currently learning: **Deep Learning, HuggingFace Transformers, and Cloud ML (AWS & Azure)**  
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on: **Open-source machine learning projects** and **health data visualization dashboards**  
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with: **Optimizing neural network models for smaller healthcare datasets**  
- 💬 Ask me about: **Data Science, Machine Learning, TensorFlow, or transitioning into AI careers**  
- 📫 How to reach me: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/tenikapowell) | [GitHub](https://github.com/nikkilabesf)  
- 😄 Pronouns: She/Her  
- ⚡ Fun fact: I started my journey in healthcare and pivoted into machine learning to bridge the gap between tech and human well-being.

---

## 🧩 Technical Skills
- **Languages:** Python, SQL  
- **Libraries & Tools:** Pandas, NumPy, Scikit-learn, Matplotlib, Seaborn, TensorFlow, Keras  
- **Other Tools:** Jupyter, Git/GitHub, Google Colab, Kaggle, VS Code  
- **Concepts:** Data Cleaning, Feature Engineering, Model Evaluation, Cross-Validation, Hyperparameter Tuning

---

## 📚 Projects & Accomplishments
- 🏥 **Hospital Readmission Predictor** — Used TensorFlow and Scikit-learn to analyze diabetic patient data and predict readmissions.  
- 💰 **Health Insurance Cost Estimator** — Linear regression model predicting medical insurance premiums based on BMI, age, and habits.  
- 📊 **Bank Marketing Campaign Classifier** — Logistic regression to predict customer likelihood of opening long-term deposits.  
- 🧠 **Neural Network (12 neurons)** — Custom TensorFlow project exploring model performance on small healthcare datasets.  
- 📈 **Data Science Foundations Completed** — Exploratory Data Analysis, Probability, Hypothesis Testing, Linear Algebra, and API requests.

---

## 📈 GitHub Stats
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=nikkilabesf&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight" alt="Tenika's GitHub Stats" height="160px"/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=nikkilabesf&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight" alt="Top Languages" height="160px"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=nikkilabesf&theme=tokyonight" alt="GitHub Streak" />
</p>

---

⭐ *“Turning data into impact — one model at a time.”*

Commit message:

Enhance README with learning in public section
Added a section on learning in public with current explorations in machine learning.

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Tenika Powell  

🎯 **Aspiring Machine Learning Engineer | Data Science Student @ 4Geeks Academy**

---

## 🧠 About Me  
I’m a data science and machine learning student passionate about applying AI to real-world healthcare challenges.  
Currently training at 4Geeks Academy, I’m focused on mastering predictive modeling, neural networks, and Python-based data pipelines.

I thrive on building clear, well-documented projects that help make data-driven decisions accessible and actionable.

---
## 🌱 Learn in Public  

I believe in learning by sharing — documenting my progress, mistakes, and wins as I grow in machine learning.  
Here’s what I’m currently exploring and posting about:  
---
- 🧩 Building my first end-to-end ML pipeline from data cleaning to model deployment  
- 🧠 Understanding neural networks and experimenting with TensorFlow  
- 📊 Improving model performance with cross-validation and hyperparameter tuning  
- 💡 Sharing weekly reflections and mini-projects from my 4Geeks bootcamp  
- 🧵 Writing summaries and “aha moments” from my data science journey on LinkedIn  

> *“When you teach what you learn, you remember twice as much.”*



## 🔍 Quick Facts About Me  

- 🔭 I’m currently working on: **Healthcare AI projects** — predictive models for patient outcomes and health cost prediction  
- 🌱 I’m currently learning: **Deep Learning, HuggingFace Transformers, and Cloud ML (AWS & Azure)**  
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on: **Open-source machine learning projects** and **health data visualization dashboards**  
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with: **Optimizing neural network models for smaller healthcare datasets**  
- 💬 Ask me about: **Data Science, Machine Learning, TensorFlow, or transitioning into AI careers**  
- 📫 How to reach me: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/tenikapowell) | [GitHub](https://github.com/nikkilabesf)  
- 😄 Pronouns: She/Her  
- ⚡ Fun fact: I started my journey in healthcare and pivoted into machine learning to bridge the gap between tech and human well-being.

---

## 🧩 Technical Skills
- **Languages:** Python, SQL  
- **Libraries & Tools:** Pandas, NumPy, Scikit-learn, Matplotlib, Seaborn, TensorFlow, Keras  
- **Other Tools:** Jupyter, Git/GitHub, Google Colab, Kaggle, VS Code  
- **Concepts:** Data Cleaning, Feature Engineering, Model Evaluation, Cross-Validation, Hyperparameter Tuning

---

## 📚 Projects & Accomplishments
- 🏥 **Hospital Readmission Predictor** — Used TensorFlow and Scikit-learn to analyze diabetic patient data and predict readmissions.  
- 💰 **Health Insurance Cost Estimator** — Linear regression model predicting medical insurance premiums based on BMI, age, and habits.  
- 📊 **Bank Marketing Campaign Classifier** — Logistic regression to predict customer likelihood of opening long-term deposits.  
- 🧠 **Neural Network (12 neurons)** — Custom TensorFlow project exploring model performance on small healthcare datasets.  
- 📈 **Data Science Foundations Completed** — Exploratory Data Analysis, Probability, Hypothesis Testing, Linear Algebra, and API requests.

---

## 📈 GitHub Stats
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=nikkilabesf&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight" alt="Tenika's GitHub Stats" height="160px"/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=nikkilabesf&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight" alt="Top Languages" height="160px"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=nikkilabesf&theme=tokyonight" alt="GitHub Streak" />
</p>

---

⭐ *“Turning data into impact — one model at a time.”*
